Fix links (#2614)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/search/search_engines/solr_search_engine/install_solr.md

- Exception on unsupported field types
    - Make sure to implement all field types in your installation, or to configure missing ones as [NullType](nullfield.md) if implementation isn't needed.
- Content isn't immediately available 
    - Solr Bundle on purpose doesn't commit changes directly on Repository updates *(on indexing)*,
      but lets you control this using Solr configuration. Adjust Solr's `autoSoftCommit` (visibility of changes to search index) and/or `autoCommit` (hard commit, for durability and replication)

>       to balance performance and load on your Solr instance against needs you have for "[NRT](https://solr.apache.org/guide/7_7/basic-authentication-plugin.html)".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      to balance performance and load on your Solr instance against needs you have for "[NRT](https://solr.apache.org/guide/7_7/near-real-time-searching.html)".
```
Wrong link
